This year went by so fast, I didn't get the chance to lose weight.
My neighbor just yelled at her kids so loud that even I brushed my teeth and went to bed.
After all the eating I've done this winter, I'm happy to report my flip-flops still fit.
What if slugs are just snails that have gone through a divorce and she got the house.
Some people are solving major world problems and I'm over here all excited because I found my missing sock inside a pair of my underwear.
I remember the days "Snap, Crackle and Pop" were sounds from cereal, not my body.
One big difference between men and women is that if a woman says "Smell this", it usually smells nice.
I'm having people over to stare at their phones later if you want to come by...
When you die, which body part dies last? The pupils. They dilate.
I finally cut ties with someone who was dragging me down. Mountain climbing with a friend is hard.
Did a little mechanics work today. Put a rear end in a recliner.
Accidentally rubbed ketchup in my eyes... now I have Heinzsight.
Studies have shown the reason you may be awake right now is because you are not asleep.
I'm not totally useless. I can be used as a bad example.
If I can make at least one person smile, pee their pants a little, or maybe spit out a drink, then my day was not wasted.
I heard on the news there was a guy in town stealing the wheels off police cars. The cops are working tirelessly to catch him.
I see people around my age mountain climbing. Meanwhile, I feel good getting my leg through my underwear without losing my balance.
We all know where the Big Apple is, but does anyone know where the... Minneapolis.
I am giving up drinking for a month. Sorry, that came out wrong. I am giving up. Drinking for a month.
Banks need to get better at restocking ATMs. This is the 5th one I've been to that has "Insufficient Funds."
I really don't mind getting older, but my body is taking it badly.
I lost my job at the bank on my very first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.
If the cops arrest a mime, do they tell him he has the right to remain silent?
My wife is great at multitasking. She can be mad at me for four or five different things at the same time.
Me: I'm addicted to collecting magazines. Therapist: It sounds like you have a lot of issues.
I went bald but I still kept my comb. I just can't part with it.
I may not be the best looking or the funniest out there, but let me tell you something - I'm also not the smartest.
Having kids makes you realise how dumb your lies used to sound to your parents.
I got my wife a new fridge. Her face lit up when she opened it!
I just "paid it backwards" by telling the girl at the window that the car behind me is paying for my stuff.
A copy of "A Christmas Carol" just fell on my toe... It hurts like the Dickens...
Ashes: I want you to have this bracelet. It belonged to my grandmother. Petunia: Why does it say "Do Not Resuscitate?"
Don't be worried about your smartphone and TV spying on you. Your vacuum cleaner has been gathering dirt on you for years.
Cop: Do you know why I pulled you over? Me: If you forgot, I'm not reminding you.
Ashes: I work at the coca-cola factory where I press the soda ino the cans and lock in the carbonation. Petunia: Wow! That's pretty cool. Ashes: No, it's soda pressing.
So it turns out that being an adult is mostly just Googling how to do stuff.
What if they're not stars, but holes poked into the top of the container so we can breathe?
Here's a joke for all you mind readers:
Adulthood is saying "But after this week things will slow down a bit" over and over until you die.
I wanna be 14 again and ruin my life differently. I have new ideas.
The brownies I started making in my Easy Bake Oven in 1987 are ready if you guys want one.
Ladies, you can tell a lot about a man by how dogs react to him. For example, if the police K9 is biting him, he may not be ideal.
The leading cause of injury to old men is them believing they are still young men.
In the 1980s I was riding my bike and fell off and hurt my knee. I'm telling you this now because we didn't have social media then.
Practical Advice: If all the toilets in your house are occupied and you are waiting for one to be free, switch off the Wi-Fi.
I don't always go the extra mile, but when I do it's because I missed my exit.
Don't get me wrong. I like humor and jokes like everybody else, but when it comes to air conditioning jokes - just not a fan.
If you message me and I read it and don't respond, I'm not ignoring you. I just saw something shiny. Then I forgot you messaged.
I am swift as a gazelle. An old one. With arthritis. Run over by a land rover. Seven days ago.
After a long day, it was nice to hear someone compliment my homemade bread. I kneaded that.
I run a tight shipwreck.
Country people talk to bugs before killing them:  "You done flew up in the wrong house today, buddy."
A real SmartTV would increase the volume when you started eating chips.
I'm always surprised when heavily tattooed couples have a baby and it comes out blank.
My bank has informed me that Facebook friends cannot be used as references for a car loan. You guys are useless.
Filling a whoopee cushion with chocolate pudding adds a whole new dimension to the joke.
It took a lot of willpower, but I finally gave up dieting.
I decided to make sure my wife woke up with a big smile on her face this morning. Now I can't have sharpies in the house any more.
One minute you're young and wild... the next minute you get excited about air fryers and crock pots.
I was going to write something funny, but I forgot what it was. So please laugh anyway.
As a lumberjack I know that I've cut exactly 2,417 trees. I know that because every time I cut one, I keep a log.
How do Mexicans slice their pizza? With Little Caesars.
I owned two racetracks, but I rented them to others. I was the lessor of two ovals.
I knew a guy that had so much nose hair that I thought it was an ingrown mustache.
Out of all my body parts, my eyeballs are in the best shape because I roll them like 342 times a day.
They say with age comes wisdom so therefore I don't have wrinkles, I have wise cracks.
Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater.
Well, to be frank... I'd have to change my name.
I hate when I tell someone I'll be there in 10 minutes and they keep calling me every 30 minutes asking where I'm at.
I used to be cool... Now I'm just my dog's snack dealer.
I went into a pet shop and asked for twelve bees. The shopkeeper counted out thirteen and handed them over. "You've given me one too many." "That one is a freebie."
When there's a sale on tennis balls, it's first come, first serve.
Taco emergency?  Call 9 Juan Juan.
When killing them with kindness doesn't work, try a baseball bat. Results may vary!
When I go to someone's house & they tell me to make myself at home, the first thing I do is throw them out because I don't like visitors.
The older you get, the more dangerous it is to sneeze!
We're all brave until we realize the cockroach has wings.
Isn't it weird how you can trust your dog to guard your home, but not your sandwich?
Don't bother walking a mile in my shoes unless you want itchy feet.
Why did the math book look so sad? Because it had so many problems.
Women spend more time thinking about what men are thinking, than men actually spend time thinking.
I tried donating blood today. Never Again!! Too many stupid questions - Who's blood is it? Where did you get it from? Why is it in a bucket?
The grass may be greener on the other side, but it might just be a septic tank issue...
I couldn't find a parking spot today at work, so I went home. It looked like they had enough people.
It takes a special person to wake up early and still be late.
I had a dream the ocean was filled with orange soda. It was a Fanta Sea.
I wonder if my mom can still slap me into next week? I need my paycheck early.
It takes a big man to admit it when he's wrong, but it takes an even bigger man to give a giraffe a haircut.
My phone just filmed a 3-hour documentary about life inside my pocket.
Very few things upset my wife. It makes me feel rather special to be one of them.
My family told me to stop telling Thanksgiving jokes, but I told them I couldn't quit "cold turkey."
Never make snow angels in a dog park.
Man who is learning how to play golf said today: "I still have a fairway to go."
If cats could text you back, they wouldn't.
My wife just opened a jar of pickles by herself and I can't help but wonder if my days around here are numbered...
The 3 symptoms of laziness:  #1
Q: Why have you never seen elephants hiding in trees? A: Because they're really good at it.
What does the farmer say to the cows at night? It's pasture bedtime.
What kind of shorts do clouds wear? Thunderwear.
Do you think, in a pinch, Jim Hensen ever used Kermit as an oven mitt?
I decided not to have kids. They're taking it pretty hard.
You have a smile that could light up the whole psych ward.
Petunia: I'm exhausted. I was up with the baby until 4AM. Ashes: It's probably not good to keep the baby up that late.
The man who survived pepper spray and mustard gas is now a seasoned veteran.
It helps if you imagine auto correct as a tiny little elf in your phone who's trying so hard to be helpful but is in fact, quite drunk.
Ashes: I've got a fly on my nose. Petunia: Do you want me to brush him off? Ashes: Why, is he dusty?
Yesterday I spotted an albino Dalmation... It's the least I could do for him.
If you bump your head ona coffee maker, would it leave a...  ...brews?
I'm thinking about removing my spine. I feel like it's only holding me back.
I have a scary joke about math but I'm 2 squared to say it.
You'd be surprised how quickly employees at Lowe's assist you after igoring you for 15 minutes when you try and start a chainsaw.
I want to open a two dollar store for the people that enjoy the finer things.
Just got 30 minutes of cardio trying to pick up an ice cube from the kitchen floor.
What do you call an apology written in dots and dashes? Re-morse code.
Been trying to come up with a telescope joke. I'm still looking into it.
My wife made me coffee this morning and winked at me when she handed me the cup. I've never been more scared of a drink in all my life.
I tried fly fishing once... but no matter how many times I whipped the hook through the air, I couldn't get a single fly to take the bait...
Some people wake up and feel like a million bucks. Me? I wake up feeling like "Insufficient Funds."
Sometimes the thoughts in my head get bored and stroll out through my mouth. This is never a good thing.
10 years ago today, I asked my childhood sweetheart, my best friend and the most beautiful woman in the world to marry me...  All three said, "No!"
I had a happy childhood; Dad would roll me down the hill in a tire. Those were Goodyears.
Thrice is such a cool word we should all use it like three times more often.
My daughter wanted a Cinderella-themed party, so I invited all her friends over and made them clean the house.
Sometimes I think I'm too picky... then I watch my dog look for a place to poop!
When I die I know one of my Grandkids will lean in my coffin and whisper "Can I play a game on your phone?"
If people in horror movies listened to me they would still be alive.
I thought I broke my ankle when I tripped over a box of Kleenex last night. The doctor says it's only tissue damage.
Sometimes I question my sanity, but the unicorn and gummy bears told me I'm fine!
My friend was explaining electricity, and I was like, "Watt?"
I met my weekly weight goal, but then I put my other foot on the scale.
An apple a day keeps anyone away if you throw it hard enough.
Another wooden ball. Would it kill the makers of avocados to include a different toy, like a mood ring or a novelty eraser?
I swore I wouldn't make any Bigfoot jokes today, and Yeti, here I am.
Not all math puns are funny. Just sum.
How much better would life be if a liar's pants really did catch fire?
Every time I find the meaning of life, they change it.
The only thing separating you from certain death at 65mph is a painted white line and a mutual agreement to not play bumper cars.
I'm thinking of opening a bakery, if I can raise enough dough.
My second business venture was a dry cleaning store, but my employees and I couldn't iron out our differences.
At the bank, I told the cashier, "I'd like to open a joint account please." "OK, with whom?" "Whoever has lots of money."
I'm a perfectionist and a procrastinator. That means I want my house to look perfect... tomorrow.
Apparently you're supposed to get out of bed EVERY DAY?!??  That seems excessive.
You want to hear some marriage jokes? Don't worry, it's just a couple.
Finally old enough to do anything I want. Too tired to actually do it.
People say 60 is the new 40. The cop who just pulled me over didn't agree.
I Googled "lost medieveal servant boy" and got "Page not found."
An unemployed jester is nobody's fool.
Some people say their body is a temple... Mine is a bouncy castle.
I sued the airline for losing my luggage. I lost my case.
Shoutout to my grandpa because that's the only way he can hear.
About to pull these steaks off the grill. It's my neighbor's grill, but he went inside and I don't think he can see me.
Diet Tip: Eat food off of other people's plates. Those are their calories. They don't count.
Shout out to people wondering what the opposite of in is.
Theiyr're.   Take that, grammar police!
If I had a nickel for every bread pun, I'd have a pun per nickel.
My friend said his dog could retrieve a stick from 5 miles away. Seems a bit far-fetched to me.
It's important to look closely at lawn signs during election campaigns. Last time, I voted for a real estate agent...
I saw an old bridge collapse from lack of repair. It's definitely something that I'll never get over.
Me: Alexa. Check my bank account and tell me which Apple product I can afford. Alexa: Apple Juice.
If a fire hydrant has H2O inside, what does it have on the outside? K9P (you'll get it eventually).
Never challenge Death to a pillow fight, unless you are prepared to handle the reaper cushions...
Spiders and Snakes are a vital part of the eek-osystem.
For Christmas, I bought my wife new beads for her abacus. It's the little things that count.
You know you live in a hick town when your Jack-O-Lantern has more teeth than your neighbors.
If I had a nickel for every time I didn't know what was going on, I would be like, "why am I always getting all these nickels?"
I run like the winded.
When I die I've requested to be buried with all my records. It's my vinyl resting place.
The only thing Flat-Earthers fear, is sphere itself.
I've decided to become a math teacher that only teaches subtraction. I just want to make a difference.
The proper way to dispose of kings is to make sure they're throne away.
Some peole won't admit their faults. I would, if I had any.
My body is a temple. Ancient and crumbling and probably cursed or haunted.
Only the true king could remove the sword from the stone... no one else could... ...they didn't have... arthurization.
I love asking kids what they want to be when they grow up, because honestly I'm still looking for ideas.
When the chips are down, the buffalo is empty...
Apparently I snore so loudly that it scares everyone in the car I'm driving.
I just threw a rock 5280 feet. That's a real milestone.
You've got to feel sorry for spiders... their lives are hanging from a thread.
Always wanted to be a Gregorian monk, but never got the chants.
Times are changing. Even exit signs are on the way out.
I hired a Russian chauffer the other day. His name was Pikup Andropov.
I ordered rabbit stew, but had to return it because there was a hare in it.
I need everyone to wish me luck. I have a meeting at the bank later and if all goes well I will be out of debt. I'm so excited I can barely put on my ski mask.
Police are looking for a man with one eye. Surely it would be quicker if they used both eyes!
I saw my neighbor stealing my socks off my washing line. I was going to confront him, but I got cold feet.
Marriage Tip #2: When your wife is mowing the lawn, that's not the best time to ask when dinner will be ready.
Before my surgery, the anesthetist offered to use knockout gas or whack me over the head with a canoe paddle. It was an ether / oar situation.
Where did Captain Hook buy his hook...?  At a second hand store!
How do billboards talk? Sign language.
It's so hard to lose weight when you have an overactive knife and fork.
I oftenly use words irregardless of their correctivity.
I told my psychiatrist that I've been hearing voices. He told me that I don't have a psychiatrist.
If you've never played darts blindfolded, you don't know what you're missing.
A truck loaded with Vick's vapor rub overturned on the highway. Amazingly, there was no congestion for eight hours.
Guys with an eyepatch and three fingers sell the best fireworks.
Big shout out to my fingers. I count on them every day!
What if you are actually a morning person but you are just in the wrong time zone?
The good news is it wasn't a bug. The bad news is I beat the heck out of a black bean on the floor with my shoe.
I'm on two diets now... I wasn't getting nearly enough food on just one.
My child asked why, when lightning strikes a corn field, it isn't full of popcorn.  I don't know either.
I went to visit a psychic. I knocked on her door and she yelled "Who is it?" So I left.
If a plant is sad, do other plants photosympathise with it?
There's no excuse for laziness, but I'm still looking.
Stopped by a roadside stand that said "Lobster Tails $2." I paid my $2. and the owner says, "Once upon a time there was this lobster..."
Arizona psychic hit by car says he never saw it coming.
Adult: A person who has stopped growing at both ends and is now growing in the middle.
I tag my wife in recipe videos she'll never make. She tags me in renovation videos I'll never do. It's a fun game we like to play.
I'd like to welcome everyone to the Assumption Club... I think we all know why we are here.
I know I don't have to be sarcastic, but the world has given me so much material to work with... I would hate to be wasteful.
I've decided to sell all my chiropractic magazines. I have loads of back issues.
Tripped and hit my head on a snare drum and now I think I have percussion.
No sense in being pessimistic. It wouldn't work anyway!
Wish we could crossbreed the mosquitoes and the lightning bugs. At least we could see them coming.
If I die and come back as a hillbilly, is that reintarnation?
That awkward moment when you walk through a metal detector and your abs of steel set it off.
Cheese is just a loaf of milk.
At my age, rolling out of bed in the morning is the easy part. Getting off the floor is a whole nother story.
This lady in Wal-Mart is staring at me like she's never seen anyone put on deodorant and then put it back on the shelf.
Tried calling the tinnitus helpline... No answer... Just kept ringing.
I recently bought a toilet brush... Long story short, I'm going back to toilet paper.
I invented a new game: "Quiet Tennis."  It's like regular tennis, except without the racquet.
Say what you want about Captain Hook, but he ran that entire pirating operation single-handedly.
It takes a lot of courage for a man to admit his wife is wrong.
I need to teach my facial expressions how to use their inside voice.
Nothing embarasses psychics more than throwing them a surprise party.
I'm thinking of starting a social network for chickens. Not as a full-time job or anything. Just as a way to make hens meet.
Being married is like having the freedom to do whatever your wife tells you.
I like to play this game called "Nap Roulette." It's where I take a nap but don't set an alarm. Will it be a 30 minute nap? Will it be a 4-hour nap? Will I wake up tomorrow? Nobody knows. But it's risky, and I like it.
I watch so many crime programs that when I turn off the TV, I wipe my fingerprints off the remote.
If a parsley farmer is sued, can they garnish his wages?
You never know what I have up my sleeve. Today, for example, it was a dryer sheet.
If you ever fall over in public, pick yourself up and say "Sorry, it's been a while since I inhabited a body." And just walk away.
As I get older and remember the people I lost along the way, I think to myself... "Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice."
I don't know if my pants are feeling loose because I'm losing weight, or the elastic is finally giving up the fight.
Prunes were on sale today so I got a good run for my money.
Sometimes I like to go to the hardware store and run around with a screwdriver shouting "Ladies and gentlemen, this is not a drill!"
When you get angry take a breath and count to 10. Throw a punch at 8, nobody expects that.
99% of my socks are single and you don't see them crying about it.
I always knock on the fridge door before I open it, just in case there's a salad dressing.
I had a hen who could count her own eggs. She was a mathemachicken.
Whenever there is an earthquake the geologists are always quick to find fault.
Huge fight at local seafood diner! Battered fish everywhere!
